## How to use the ArmoniK C++ SDK

### Build worker and dynamic worker (Linux only)

The ArmoniK dynamic worker image must be built to use ArmoniK with the C++ SDK. This worker image is then used in the ArmoniK deployment phase. The worker needs a shared library containing the implementation of the mandatory symbols that allow  ArmoniK to launch the required services.

In order to build the dynamic worker image (```armonik-sdk-cpp-dynamicworker```) and the worker test (```libArmoniK.SDK.Worker.Test.so```), one should run the following script:
-  ```build-deploy-end2end.sh```

This script generates the dynamic worker image that is used to deploy ArmoniK with. The script also generates the shared library used by the worker to perform the ArmoniK call on the desired services.  The script will also copy this shared library into the right folder so it can be loaded by the ArmoniK worker.
 One can also use the worker image available in docker hub ANEOand build the shared library separately.

### Deploy ArmoniK 

The ArmoniK infrastructure must be deployed with the C++ worker image. To do so, perform the following:
- Fetch [ArmoniK infra](https://github.com/aneoconsulting/ArmoniK) from github.
- Add the C++ worker image, either by:
    - Replacing the default partition image with the C++ dynamic worker image (```dockerhubaneo/armonik-sdk-cpp-dynamicworker``` or locally built ```armonik-sdk-cpp-dynamicworker```). This is done by modifying the ```parameters.tfvars``` file with the C++ image and tag for the desired deployment method (all-in-one or multi-stage). Or 
    - Creating a new partition for the C++ worker by adding in the same ```parameters.tfvars``` file the new partition with the right image name and tag. This choice requires specifying in the C++ code the partition name in the task options in order to run correctly. If no partition is given in task options, the default partition is targeted.
    - Then follow the [ArmoniK guide](https://aneoconsulting.github.io/ArmoniK/installation/linux/deployment) to deploy.

### Build the client test and submit jobs

Once the worker is built and ArmoniK is deployed, one can submit jobs by using the client test in the repository. In order to do so, one may build the client test by launching the cmake at the project root with the flags ```BUILD_CLIENT=ON``` and ```BUILD_END2END=ON```. 
After the test build, the environment variable ```Grpc__EndPoint``` must be set to the ArmoniK control plane address in the test environment and then run:
- ```cd /app/install/bin```
- ```./ArmoniK.SDK.Client.Test```
